Changed links of community doc to product doc (#230)
rancher/longhorn-product-docs: docs/version-1.10.0/modules/en/pages/installation-setup/installation/helm-values.adoc

=== Private Registry Settings

> You can install Longhorn in an air-gapped environment with a private registry. For more information, see the *Air Gap Installation* section of the https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/storage/1.10.0/en/installation-setup/installation/airgapped-environment.html[documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Longhorn in an air-gapped environment with a private registry. For more information, see the *Air Gap Installation* section of the xref:installation-setup/installation/airgapped-environment.adoc[documentation].
```

=== System Default Settings

> During installation, you can either allow Longhorn to use the default system settings or use specific flags to modify the default values. After installation, you can modify the settings using the Longhorn UI. For more information, see the *Settings Reference* section of the https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/storage/1.10.0/en/longhorn-documentation.html[documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During installation, you can either allow Longhorn to use the default system settings or use specific flags to modify the default values. After installation, you can modify the settings using the Longhorn UI. For more information, see the *Settings Reference* section of the xref:longhorn-documentation.adoc[documentation].
```
